---
layout: post
title: Lessons lessons lessons
date: 2023-12-31 21:46 -0300
---
[See LinkedIn post.](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7147387049040412673/)

People is amazing. It never stops to marvel me, that precise moment when you see
the blink on their eyes when they realize that a project was successful thanks
to them, because everybody wants to be successful. To me, having the chance to
help others and see them succeed is one of the most beautiful emotions I had the
chance to live this year. Get to know them, to know their hopes and fears and to
be part of something bigger, beyond us. Sometimes you can even feel the culture
being created right there in your hands.

I proved once more that building relationships takes you even far away that you
expected. Cultivating culture is essential on every company if you want it to
survive and make the difference in the world. It will not come from the
technology or the tools you buy, it will not emerge "by its own"; or maybe yes!
But I can assure you: it will not be the one you want. You want it? So put your
ass to work and make yourself an example of it.

Man, it's hard. Communication breaks every time and many different ways, but I
never regretted one single minute of all 1:1s I have had with my team. I learned
more even this year from the people than any other in the past. I talked a lot
but tried to listen even more. I said congratulations and difficult things too,
just to see the other person grow. I helped and I've been helped. I grown a lot
and, man, _it is hard_. The path is never easy.

Thank you all for sharing with me this year, I couldn't achieve anything without
the fantastic people that surrounded me. How can I learn from my self if not
reflecting me on the others? ðŸ¥°

Special thanks to Bruno Rey, Brandon Haller, Aaron Nuney, Galileo Luna, Emmanuel
Chigiere, David Atencia, Daniel CÃ¡rdenas, Micaela Floreano and Sebastian
Tirelli. You are amazing!

Cheers!!
