.. title: Music IV
.. slug: music-iv
.. date: 2015-12-09 18:10:51 UTC-03:00
.. tags: music
.. category: 
.. link: 
.. description: 
.. type: text

.. raw:: html

   <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/J2CBOG16G6E" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

This is no longer a nation of independent individuals. It's a nation of some
200-odd million transistorized, deodorized, whiter-that-white, steel-belted
bodies, totally unnecessary as human beings, and as replaceable as piston
rods... Well, the time has come to say, is dehumanization such a bad word.
Because good or bad, that's what is so. The whole world is becoming humanoid:
creatures that look human but aren't. The whole world not just us. We're just
the most advanced country, so we're getting there first.

So, you listen to me. Listen to me: Television is not the truth! Television is
a God-damned amusement park! Television is a circus, a carnival, a traveling
troupe of acrobats, storytellers, dancers, singers, jugglers, side-show freaks,
lion tamers, and football players. We're in the boredom-killing business! **So
if you want the truth... Go to God! Go to your gurus! Go to yourselves! Because
that's the only place you're ever going to find any real truth.**

We deal in *illusions*, man! None of it is true!  But you people sit there, day
after day, night after night, all ages, colors, creeds... We're all you know.
You're beginning to believe the illusions we're spinning here. You're beginning
to think that the tube is reality, and that your own lives are unreal. You do
whatever the tube tells you! You dress like the tube, you eat like the tube,
you raise your children like the tube, you even *think* like the tube!

This is mass madness, you maniacs! In God's name, you people are the real
thing!  *WE* are the illusion! So turn off your television sets. Turn them off
now. Turn them off right now. Turn them off and leave them off! Turn them off
right in the middle of the sentence I'm speaking to you now! TURN THEM OFF...
Because less than fifteen percent of you read books. Because the only truth
you know is what you get over this tube. Right now, there is a whole, an entire
generation that never knew anything.
